Added `ignore` option when adding new components (#544)
yamada-ui/yamada-components: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - Please enter the component name in kebab-case.
  - If [theme](https://yamada-ui.com/styled-system/theming) is `true`, a customized theme will be applied to the component.
  - If [config](https://yamada-ui.com/styled-system/configure) is `true`, a customized config will be applied to the component.

>   - If **`ignore`** is `true`, a component will be ignored on the site.

Reviewer: I think rather than saying ignored on the site, we could say

```suggestion
  - When **`ignore`** is set to `true`, the component will be excluded from being rendered on the site.
```

Author: I have made the revisions. Could you kindly review it again?
